doc: Update known_issues for SoftDevice controller (#4148)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

SoftDevice Controller
=====================

.. rst-class:: v1-5-0

DRGN-15382: The SoftDevice Controller cannot be qualified on nRF52832

>   Due to improper execution of product anomomally work arounds, certain conformance test cases are failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Due to improper execution of product anomaly workarounds, certain conformance test cases are failing for nRF52832.
```

>   **Workaround:** Upgrade to v1.5.1 or use master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Upgrade to v1.5.1 (once available) or use the master branch.
```
